### Introduction
- Employee attrition in an organization can mean the reduction of employees through normal means, such as retirement and resignation, clients due to old age, or retrenching them due to change in the target demographics of the organization. The high rate of employee attrition is a major issue in an organization as it greatly impacts them. When employees leave an organization, they carry with them invaluable tacit knowledge, which is often the source of competitive advantage for the organization. Employee attrition causes the organization to bear the cost of business disruption, hiring and training new staff. On the other hand, higher retention means less hiring and training costs and more experienced workers to the company workforce over time. Organization nowadays has given a great business interest in understanding the drivers of staff attrition to reduce employee attrition. As a result, prediction on employee attrition and identifying the major contributing factors that lead to attrition becomes an important objective of an organization in order to enhance its human resource strategy.

- The IBM Human Resource Analytic Employee Attrition and Performance dataset used in this competition is a publicly available dataset from Kaggle Dataset Repository. It was IBM's fictional dataset created by IBM data scientists. The dataset includes four (4) major components: employee satisfaction, income, seniority, and demographics data. The dataset contains several attributes influencing the predicted variable named "Attrition" which signifies whether an employee left the company or not from 1,470 instances and 35 attributes. The identified class is labeled as ”Attrition“ with 237 instances of "Yes" and 1233 instances of "No" having imbalanced data ratio of 1:5.

- The purpose of this competition is to conduct a study to develop machine learning models for predicting probable employee attrition and compare between the algorithms in terms of their accuracy and efficiencies.